# data_bootcamp_final_project

This project was completed by ZhenYu Yang in partial fulfilment of ECON-UB.0232, Data Bootcamp, Fall 2020. I certify that the NYU Stern Honor Code applies to this project. In particular, I have: Clearly acknowledged the work and efforts of others when submitting written work as our own. The incorporation of the work of others–including but not limited to their ideas, data, creative expression, and direct quotations (which should be designated with quotation marks), or paraphrasing thereof– has been fully and appropriately referenced using notations both in the text and the bibliography. And I understand that: Submitting the same or substantially similar work in multiple courses, either in the same semester or in a different semester, without the express approval of all instructors is strictly forbidden. I acknowledge that a failure to abide by NYU Stern Honor Code will result in a failing grade for the project and course.

Project Description: Our initial question for our project was to see if Covid-19 death rates had effects on the US stock market and specifically the industry indices. Our analysis showed there was little relationship between the two variables so we shifted our focus onto the relationship between Covid-19 death rates and public opinion and thoughts. To do so we looked at google search trends for Covid-19 and compared it to the market indices from our original analysis. We found that there was a strong correlation between the stock market and searches for Covid vaccines and corrected for potential confounding variables by comparing data with a different year where Covid was not present. Additionally, we delved into 3 different companies in different industries to see how they performed in relation to the global pandemic. We ran multivariate linear regressions on their close prices to see correlations with Covid deaths and positive tests.
